hi I'm David Ezra founder of the dog
pacer treadmill the dog pacer is a
revolutionary product that will allow
you to change your dog's life after
years of research and development we
came up with the ideal solution for your
dog's health and well-being it's a
breakthrough in happiness Fitness time
and a guilt-free contribution to your
dog's life now let's get into the
highlights of the dog pacer first its
lightweight compact and portable second
it has easy customized programs made
specifically for your dog
third unlike human treadmills that are
dangerous these are specifically
designed just for dogs
lastly we made it affordable for all pet
owners nationwide many people ask why do
I need a dog pacer or say my dog is
already in shape well here's the reality
over 53% of all dogs in the US are
currently overweight your dog will lay
on their joints most hours of everyday
as your dog ages arthritis hip dysplasia
and other afflictions will be normal
once these happen not only will you face
increased vet bills but the diagnosis
and prescription will include plenty of
exercise while walking is exercise for
you it's not exercise for your dog
remember a dog has four legs where we
only have to a few times around the
block or play time at the dog park is
not the sustain cardio your dog needs
the typical owner works eight to ten
hours a day with commute comes home we
take our dog out they do their business
and then after dinner and relaxing goes
to sleep your dog is sleeping all day
and at night with you so here's the deal
my dog Bella who is the dog pacer model
runs 30 to 45 minutes in the morning
while I wake up catch up on emails and
have my morning coffee then when I leave
to go to work I don't have that guilty
feeling about leaving her home all day
she's already had a great workout and is
real
happy now dog pacer is based out of Las
Vegas where temperatures can reach 110
degrees in the summer and you might live
where it gets really cold in the winter
with the dog pacer every day is a
perfect day to exercise your dog
we've run thousands of dogs and have
worked with many organizations like the
US Air Force many police departments the
world pet Association and best friends
Society just to name a few we are
dedicated to giving your dog the best
life possible we have a 100%
satisfaction guarantee so what are you
waiting for change your dog's life today
but only if you really love your dog